# Integrate BigQuery Data and Google Workspace using Apps Script: Challenge Lab

[Refer This Video](https://youtu.be/v2uBK8ycSEM?si=-JtXdutFPnDi-UM1)

Task 1 :
Open App Script
Run Given Query After Adding Big Query API From Services Plus(+) Button From Left

TASK 2:- 


Find out how many taxi companies there are in Chicago.
```bash
=COUNTUNIQUE(taxi_trips!company)
```


Find the percentage of taxi rides in Chicago that included a tip.

```bash
=COUNTIF(taxi_trips!tips,">0")
```


Find the total number of trips where the fare was greater than 0.

```bash
=COUNTIF(taxi_trips!fare,">0")
```


Task 3.

* As a pie chart, what forms of payments are people using for their taxi rides?

Drag payment_type to the Label field. Then drag fare into the Value field 

Under Value > Fare, change Sum to Count. Click Apply.



*As a line chart, how has revenue from mobile payments for taxi trips changed over time?
*As a line chart, how have mobile payments changed over time since revenue peaked in 2015?



Drag trip_start_timestamp to the X-axis field.

Check the Group by option and select Year-Month from the dropdown list.

Drag fare into the Series field.

Under Filter click Add > payment_type.

Select the Showing all items status dropdown.

Click on the Filter by Condition dropdown and select Text contains from the list.

Input mobile in the Value field.

Click OK.

TASK 4 :-
To create a new sheet, open Google Sheets.

On a blank spreadsheet, click into the first cell in the upper-left corner (A1). It should be in column A and row 1.

Enter the following address in the first cell.

Address
```cmd
76 9th Ave, New York
```










